Updating README.md and adding a d20 feature list (#48)
EVerest/libiso15118: README.md

ISO 15118 library suite
=======================

> This is a C++ library implementation of ISO 15118 for part 20.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a C++ library implementation of ISO 15118-20 and ISO15118-2. The implementation of ISO15118-20 is currently under heavy development. ISO15118-2 will follow and is currently covered by the [EvseV2G module](https://github.com/EVerest/everest-core/tree/main/modules/EvseV2G) of everest-core.
```

> Integration of ISO15118-20 development for EVerest is under heavy development
> currently. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## ISO 15118-20 Support

> The following tables show the current support for the listed EVSE ISO15118-20 features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the current support for the listed EVSE ISO15118-20 features.
```

| Feature                            | Supported          |
|------------------------------------|--------------------|
| TCP, TLS 1.2 & 1.3                 | :heavy_check_mark: |
| DC, DC_BPT                         | :heavy_check_mark: |
| AC, AC_BPT                         | WIP                |
| WPT                                |                    |

> | ACDP                               |                    |

Reviewer: Maybe we can provide the full name of some abbreviations as well. What do you think?

Author: :+1: I will add a list of abbreviations under this table

| AC, AC_BPT                         | WIP                |
| WPT                                |                    |
| ACDP                               |                    |
| ExternalPayment                    | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Plug&Charge                        | WIP                |
| CertificateInstallation            |                    |
| Scheduled                          | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Dynamic Mode (+ MobilityNeedsMode) | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Private Env                        |                    |
| Pause/Resume & Standby             | WIP                |
| Schedule renegotation              |                    |
| Smart Charging                     |                    |
| Multiplex messages                 |                    |
| Internet service                   |                    |
| Parking status service             |                    |

> But: This repository here is not the place where implementation happens.

Reviewer: I would use something like

`ISO15118 support is distributed accross multiple repositories and modules in EVerest. Please see the following references of other ISO15118 related development:`

Reviewer: You can then also drop this last sentence:

`This is just a short overview to show...`

Author: :+1:

| AC, AC_BPT                         | WIP                |
| WPT                                |                    |
| ACDP                               |                    |
| ExternalPayment                    | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Plug&Charge                        | WIP                |
| CertificateInstallation            |                    |
| Scheduled Mode                     | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Dynamic Mode (+ MobilityNeedsMode) | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Private Env                        |                    |
| Pause/Resume & Standby             | WIP                |
| Schedule Renegotation              |                    |
| Smart Charging                     |                    |
| Multiplex messages                 |                    |
| Internet Service                   |                    |
| Parking Status Service             |                    |

### List of Abbreviations

| Abbreviation | Description                            |
|--------------|----------------------------------------|
| ACDP         | automatic connection device pantograph |
| BPT          | bidirectional power transfer           |

> | WPT          | wireless power transfer                |

Reviewer: That was added based on [my comment](https://github.com/EVerest/libiso15118/pull/48#discussion_r1842627546). Maybe people who know ISO15118 better dont need this indeed, so its also fine for me to drop it

> | WPT          | wireless power transfer                |

Author: Removed it
